CLDR-18360 Update week of year numbering migration note (#4403)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/downloads/cldr-47.md

[Number Formats](https://www.unicode.org/reports/tr35/47/tr35-numbers.html#number-formats).
- V48 advance warnings
    - Any locales that are missing Core data by the end of the CLDR 48 cycle will be removed [CLDR-16004](https://unicode-org.atlassian.net/browse/CLDR-16004)

>     - In LDML 48, week-of-year calculation will change to always apply week numbers based on the ISO-8601 convention where week 1 is the week with the first Thursday of the year, ignoring the `minDays` and `firstDay` variables for the purpose of week-of-year calculations. [CLDR-18275](https://unicode-org.atlassian.net/browse/CLDR-18275).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In LDML 48, the plan is to change week-of-year calculation to always apply week numbers
based on the ISO-8601 convention where week 1 is the week with the first Thursday of the year,
ignoring the `minDays` and `firstDay` variables for the purpose of week-of-year calculations.
That's because of feedback that in countries where weeks are numbered (typically for business or government)
the ISO standard is followed rather than the conventions are used for wall calendars.
[CLDR-18275](https://unicode-org.atlassian.net/browse/CLDR-18275).
```

Reviewer 2: Suggesting slight rewrite to your suggestion:
We have received feedback that in countries where weeks are numbered (typically for business or government), the ISO standard is followed rather than the conventions that are used for wall calendars.
